hey guys are one hard us via got the wii
u as you can see your figurine from the
console yep we've already passed by the
fun playing nintendo lab that spot and
more horror experience playing some to
you i scream like a baby yes trying to
stream glee spring my schedule
comecomecome be you buddy and now we
have practice acids with three children
I edition for the wii u and we go to
unbox that so let's take the other games
all the way
so what content do we have in here you
probably know better than me well we
have the condom mental giant waffle sue
and we have a book sure kamar boy
exactly what about some notebook I think
and the game of course well the game of
course yes they are properly some sort
of collector Steve that's far as I know
and yeah I heard it was in George
Washington's notebooks
vomiting and DLC and DLC let me a chill
down here yeah but anyway let's get to
unboxing this you can open the plastic
no we can't
that's why I don't
also if you will drink / boxing it went
the phone right now yeah we're at
comic-con 2012 so all right we have good
ok it's locked in a box and emboss I
guess we call dr. Steve done changing
its pulling up there so yep
I guess this is the medallion Wow nice
to their pouch yep there's a medallion
in here just gonna in this slowly yep
there we go join the others are going on
a diet be awesome now let's see
is it is not actually you're supposed to
bite it yeah that's it this is the dlc
I'm gonna keep that we have George
Washington's notebook here so it's all
open ography nope it's arthritis Sour I
will by no disappointed but anyway
cumbria cool awkward
the Civil War now we all know about it
all right no we're Maltese read up on
his roommate anyway screw history we
don't need to read up on history because
you're going to see it end game
according to the game since well
according to games and see but yeah
which is almost equities or so yep why I
guess this is it so access open this
game determine geez man's number one
weapon for survival no no no George not
playing a key basically use it for
everything actually your best friend for
snow I think I should be scared but
anyway
so there you go oops and kind of clothes
without but get the disc of course
manual and Nintendo code so there we go
also surprising the boxes are blue I
didn't think they would actually go with
blue that's what i can say there go game
this George Washington's notebook and
the medallion wrapped in a leather pouch
so but yeah I guess that concludes our
essence 33 join or die edition unboxing
this is dark gamer service or one goes
who said pretty much nothing cuz I knew
nothing about this hello over and out